Add weathertop instructions. (#4552)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: rust_dev_preview/README.md

You must have an AWS account, and have configured your default credentials and AWS Region as described in [Getting started with the AWS SDK for Rust](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-rust/latest/dg/getting-started.html).

You must have the [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/) build tool, which is typically installed via [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).

> Each example has one or more examples that can be executed with `cargo run --bin [program name]`.

Reviewer: I would honestly just remove this line!
```suggestion
```

> See the individual readme files in each service directory for information about specific code examples for that service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the individual `README.md` files in each service directory(e.g. `ec2`) for information about specific code examples for that service.
```

> Unit tests for each example can be run with `cargo test`, and these will not cause any changes or charges to your AWS account.
> Integration tests may cause changes or charges to your AWS account, and are described individually for each example.
> However, they can be run with `cargo test -- --ignored`.

Reviewer: I would clean this up:
```suggestion
Unit tests for each example can be run with `cargo test`. Tese will not cause any changes or charges to your AWS account.
Integration tests for each example can be run with `cargo test -- --ignored`. These may cause changes or charges to your AWS account.
```
